Implement __eq__ and __ne__ for coordinate classes (#10154)
astropy/astropy: docs/coordinates/skycoord.rst

  False
  >>> sc1 != sc2  # Not equal
  array([False,  True])

In addition to numerically comparing the representation component data (which
may include velocities), the equality comparison includes strict tests that all
of the frame attributes like ``equinox`` or ``obstime`` are exactly equal.  Any
mismatch in attributes will result in an exception being raised.  For example::

  >>> sc1 = SkyCoord([1, 2]*u.deg, [3, 4]*u.deg)
  >>> sc2 = SkyCoord([1, 20]*u.deg, [3, 4]*u.deg, obstime='2020-01-01')
  >>> sc1 == sc2  # doctest: +SKIP
  ...
  ValueError: cannot compare: extra frame attribute 'obstime' is not equivalent
   (perhaps compare the frames directly to avoid this exception)

In this example the ``obstime`` attribute is a so-called "extra" frame attribute
that does not apply directly to the ICRS coordinate frame. So we could compare
with::

  >>> sc1.frame == sc2.frame
  array([ True, False])

One slightly special case is comparing two frames that both have no data, where
the return value is the same as ``frame1.is_equivalent_frame(frame2)``. For
example::

  >>> from astropy.coordinates import FK4
  >>> FK4() == FK4(obstime='2020-01-01')
  False

> The final point to note is that the comparison is made to full floating point

Author: Done (with extensive re-organization and clarification).

precision, so any sort of transform will generally result in a ``False``
comparison::

  >>> sc1 = SkyCoord(1*u.deg, 2*u.deg, frame='fk4')
  >>> sc1.icrs.fk4 == sc1

>   False

Author: Done.  I used this example but not exactly in this place so I just copied it.

..
  EXAMPLE END

Comparing SkyCoord Objects
==========================

> There are two primary ways to compare |SkyCoord| objects each other. First is

Author: I just noticed this typo, but will wait for final review before fixing.

checking if the coordinates are within a specified distance of each other. This
is what most users should do in their science or processing analysis work
because it allows for a tolerance due to floating point representation issues.
The second is checking for exact equivalence of two objects down to the bit,
which is most useful for developers writing tests.

The example below illustrates the floating point issue using the exact
equality comparison, where we do a roundtrip transformation
FK4 => ICRS => FK4 and then compare::

  >>> sc1 = SkyCoord(1*u.deg, 2*u.deg, frame='fk4')
  >>> sc1.icrs.fk4 == sc1
  False

Matching Within Tolerance
-------------------------

> To test if coordinates are within a certain distance of each other use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test if coordinates are within a certain angular distance of one other, use the
```

`~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord.separation` method::

  >>> sc1.icrs.fk4.separation(sc1).to(u.arcsec)  # doctest: +SKIP
  <Angle 7.98873629e-13 arcsec>
  >>> sc1.icrs.fk4.separation(sc1) < 1e-9 * u.arcsec
  True

Exact Equality
--------------

> Astropy also provides an exact equality operator for coordinates. Specifically,
> the right hand ``value`` must be strictly consistent with the object for
> comparison:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astropy also provides an exact equality operator for coordinates. 
For example, when comparing, e.g., two |SkyCoord| objects::

    >>> left_skycoord == right_skycoord

the right object must be strictly consistent with the left object for
comparison:
```

checking if the coordinates are within a specified distance of each other. This
is what most users should do in their science or processing analysis work
because it allows for a tolerance due to floating point representation issues.
The second is checking for exact equivalence of two objects down to the bit,
which is most useful for developers writing tests.

The example below illustrates the floating point issue using the exact
equality comparison, where we do a roundtrip transformation
FK4 => ICRS => FK4 and then compare::

  >>> sc1 = SkyCoord(1*u.deg, 2*u.deg, frame='fk4')
  >>> sc1.icrs.fk4 == sc1
  False

Matching Within Tolerance
-------------------------

To test if coordinates are within a certain angular distance of one other, use the
`~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord.separation` method::

  >>> sc1.icrs.fk4.separation(sc1).to(u.arcsec)  # doctest: +SKIP
  <Angle 7.98873629e-13 arcsec>
  >>> sc1.icrs.fk4.separation(sc1) < 1e-9 * u.arcsec
  True

Exact Equality
--------------

Astropy also provides an exact equality operator for coordinates. 
For example, when comparing, e.g., two |SkyCoord| objects::

>     >>> left_skycoord == right_skycoord

Reviewer: Oops, my fault, but this might require a
```suggestion
    >>> left_skycoord == right_skycoord # doctest: +SKIP
```
